express-twitter-dreamify/README.md, before:

# Serverless Express.js

**[Live Demo](https://serverless-express.now.sh/)**

This repo is an example app featured in [this blog post](https://zeit.co/blog/serverless-express-js-lambdas-with-now-2). Please be sure to read the blog post to fully understand the concepts demonstrated here.

## Getting Started

1. Create an app on [Twitter for Developers](https://developer.twitter.com/).
1. Add the required [secrets](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/) (found in `now.json`) to your Now account.
   - You'll need your Twitter **consumer API keys**.
   - `COOK_KEY` can be any arbitrary string. It is used to sign the user's cookie.
1. Update the callback URL (`routes/login/index.js`, line 14) to be one from your Twitter app.
1. Update the [cookie domain](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/blob/5616954f9a3875e30c97f9c9b58e3869ddf33c50/express/middlewares/cookieSession.js#L6) with a [`now` alias](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) of your choosing.
1. Deploy this project with `now`.
1. Alias your deployment to match your cookie domain: `now alias [deployment-url] [chosen-alias]`.
1. 🎉

## Feedback

Please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/issues) or [write us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/zeithq) with any feedback you may have about this project.

Commit message:

update the express example to be more express-y
fixes https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/issues/324

The example now makes use of express API like `res.send()`, and middleware
using helmet.

The README.md was updated to follow the style of the apollo readme, and add
some explanatory text about how express can be used with the @now/node builder.

The README.md for express-twitter-dreamify got a link added back to the
express README.md, for folks who might have questions about the Express usage.

express-twitter-dreamify/README.md, after:

# Serverless Express.js

**[Live Demo](https://serverless-express.now.sh/)**

This repo is an example app featured in [this blog post](https://zeit.co/blog/serverless-express-js-lambdas-with-now-2). Please be sure to read the blog post to fully understand the concepts demonstrated here.

Also see the [Express example](../express/README.md) for more information on how to use Express with Now.

## Getting Started

1. Create an app on [Twitter for Developers](https://developer.twitter.com/).
1. Add the required [secrets](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/) (found in `now.json`) to your Now account.
   - You'll need your Twitter **consumer API keys**.
   - `COOK_KEY` can be any arbitrary string. It is used to sign the user's cookie.
1. Update the callback URL (`routes/login/index.js`, line 14) to be one from your Twitter app.
1. Update the [cookie domain](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/blob/5616954f9a3875e30c97f9c9b58e3869ddf33c50/express/middlewares/cookieSession.js#L6) with a [`now` alias](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/aliasing-a-deployment/) of your choosing.
1. Deploy this project with `now`.
1. Alias your deployment to match your cookie domain: `now alias [deployment-url] [chosen-alias]`.
1. 🎉

## Feedback

Please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/issues) or [write us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/zeithq) with any feedback you may have about this project.
