redirect/README.md, before:

# Redirect

In this example we will be deploying a simple redirect from a `www` domain to a naked one.

### Deploy with Now

First, we need to create an empty `index.html`. Then we need to create a `now.json` configuration file to instruct Now how to build the project.

For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/now).

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify which Now Platform version to use.

We also need to define each builders we would like to use. [Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

In this case we are going to use `@now/static` to properly deploy our `index.html`. We will then work with our `"routes"` configuration to define the behavior of our redirect. In this case, we will set a status header with the code `301` and also forward the path to our redirect location.

```json
{
    "version": 2,
    "alias": [
        "www.example.sh"
    ],
    "builds": [
       { "src": "index.html", "use": "@now/static" }
    ],
    "routes": [
       { "src": "/(.*)", "status": 301, "headers": { "Location": "https://example.sh/$1" }}
    ]
}
```

Visit our [documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) for more information on the `now.json` configuration file.

We are now ready to deploy the redirect.

```
now
```

Once the deployment is created, you can alias by running:

```
now alias
```

Commit message:

Update the redirect example to be simpler

redirect/README.md, after:

# Redirect

In this example we will be deploying a simple redirect from a `www` domain to a naked one.

### Deploy with Now

To redirect, you only need to use the `routes` property of a `now.json` file.

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify to use the latest Now Platform version to use `routes`.

Following that, we can add a `routes` property that sets a status of `301`, a permanent redirect, and sends a `location` header of the redirect destination:

```json
{
    "version": 2,
    "alias": [
        "www.example.sh"
    ],
    "routes": [
       { "src": "/(.*)", "status": 301, "headers": { "Location": "https://example.sh/$1" }}
    ]
}
```

> Visit our [documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) for more information on the `now.json` configuration file.

Finally, deploy the redirect using [Now CLI](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/getting-started/installation):

```
now
```

Once the deployment is created, you can [alias it](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/adding-a-domain/) to the defined alias in the `now.json` file by running:

```
now alias
```

Now, when visiting either the alias or deployment URL, the visitor will get redirected to the location set via the `routes` in the `now.json` file.
