create-react-app/README.md, before:

# Create React App

In this example we will be deploying a simple "Hello World" example with Create React App.

### Getting started with Create React App

- Start a new Create React App project:

```
npx create-react-app <project name>
```

### Deploy with Now

First we need to create a `now.json` configuration file to instruct Now how to build the project.

For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/now).

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify which Now Platform version to use.

We also need to define each builders we would like to use. [Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

Then we need to add a `now.json` file to specify we want to use our Platform V2.

In this case we are going to use `@now/static-build` to build and deploy our React application selecting the `package.json` as our entry point. We will also define a name for our project (optional).

```json
{
    "version": 2,
    "name": "create-react-app",
    "builds": [
        { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build" }
    ],
    "routes": [
        {"src": "^/static/(.*)", "dest": "/static/$1"},
        {"src": "^/favicon.ico", "dest": "/favicon.ico"},
        {"src": "^/asset-manifest.json", "dest": "/asset-manifest.json"},
        {"src": "^/manifest.json", "dest": "/manifest.json"},
        {"src": "^/service-worker.js", "headers": {"cache-control": "s-maxage=0"}, "dest": "/service-worker.js"},
        {"src": "^/precache-manifest.(.*)", "dest": "/precache-manifest.$1"},
        {"src": "^/(.*)", "dest": "/index.html"}
    ]
}
```

Visit our [documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) for more information on the `now.json` configuration file.

We also need to include a script in `package.json` named `"now-build"` that specifies what command Now will run on the server to "build" your application. Also notice that we are using `mv build dist` to move all the files generated by the `react-scripts` from the `build` folder to the `dist` folder which Now identifies as the static folder.

```json
{
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "now-build": "react-scripts build && mv build dist"
    }
}
```

We are now ready to deploy the app.

```
now
```

Commit message:

CRA example docs for serving from custom locations

create-react-app/README.md, after:

# Create React App

In this example we will be deploying a simple "Hello World" example with Create React App.

### Getting started with Create React App

- Start a new Create React App project:

```
npx create-react-app <project name>
```

### Deploy with Now

First we need to create a `now.json` configuration file to instruct Now how to build the project.

For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/now).

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify which Now Platform version to use.

We also need to define each builders we would like to use. [Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

Then we need to add a `now.json` file to specify we want to use our Platform V2.

In this case we are going to use `@now/static-build` to build and deploy our React application selecting the `package.json` as our entry point. We will also define a name for our project (optional).

```json
{
    "version": 2,
    "name": "create-react-app",
    "builds": [
        { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build" }
    ],
    "routes": [
        {"src": "^/static/(.*)", "dest": "/static/$1"},
        {"src": "^/favicon.ico", "dest": "/favicon.ico"},
        {"src": "^/asset-manifest.json", "dest": "/asset-manifest.json"},
        {"src": "^/manifest.json", "dest": "/manifest.json"},
        {"src": "^/service-worker.js", "headers": {"cache-control": "s-maxage=0"}, "dest": "/service-worker.js"},
        {"src": "^/precache-manifest.(.*)", "dest": "/precache-manifest.$1"},
        {"src": "^/(.*)", "dest": "/index.html"}
    ]
}
```

Visit our [documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) for more information on the `now.json` configuration file.

We also need to include a script in `package.json` named `"now-build"` that specifies what command Now will run on the server to "build" your application. Also notice that we are using `mv build dist` to move all the files generated by the `react-scripts` from the `build` folder to the `dist` folder which Now identifies as the static folder.

```json
{
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "now-build": "react-scripts build && mv build dist"
    }
}
```

The routes section of the `now.json` configuration file is used to serve files present in the `dist` folder, as part of the `now-build` script.  The example `routes` array in the `now.json` configuration object above will serve files that create-react-app utilizes by default.  If there are any additional files or folders, you will need to add those to the `routes` array.  For example, if there is a `photos` subdirectory:

```
"routes": [
        ...
        {"src": "^/photos/(.*)", "dest": "/photos/$1"},
```

We are now ready to deploy the app.

```
now
```
